Update group work documentation (#10985)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/assessment.md

| `studentGroupJoin`   | boolean | false   | Allow students to join other groups by join code.  |
| `studentGroupLeave`  | boolean | false   | Allow students to leave groups.                    |

Note that changing an assessment from individual to group or vice versa after students have started working on it will cause student work to be lost.

### Managing groups

> Instructors can manage groups on the "Groups" tab of an assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructors can manage groups on the "Groups" tab of an assessment. This page allows instructors to create individual groups, delete existing groups, and add or remove users from groups.
```

> To create specific groups, upload a CSV file in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create multiple groups in batch, upload a CSV file in the following format:
```

Author: Tweaked your comment a bit: "multiple groups in batch" -> "groups in bulk", sound good?

Reviewer: Sure, that's fine. I just wanted to avoid confusion with individual operations that don't require upload.

```csv
groupName,UID
groupA,one@example.com
groupA,two@example.com
groupB,three@example.com
groupB,four@example.com
```

The assessment's "Downloads" tab has a `<assessment>_group_configs.csv` file that contains the current group assignments. This can be used to copy group assignments from one assessment to another.

> Alternatively, the "Auto" button can be used to automatically assign students to groups based on a desired minimum/maximum group size.

Author: I'd welcome a PR changing the UI, I think "random"/"randomly" are indeed better words to use here.
